Mention elfdeps (#35)
rgommers/peps: peps/pep-0725.rst

full sets of dependencies for Python packages, and have tools like pyp2spec_
(Fedora), Grayskull_ (conda), and dh_python_ (Debian) which attempt to
automatically generate dependency metadata for their own package managers from the metadata in
upstream Python packages. Other projects resort to symbol metadata directly, like elfdeps_

> (Fedora). External dependencies are currently handled manually,

Author: See [`9aace82` (#35)](https://github.com/rgommers/peps/pull/35/commits/9aace8210f6db85064dcd113e620067537ac29f0)

automatically generate dependency metadata for their own package managers from the metadata in
upstream Python packages. External dependencies are currently handled manually,
because there is no metadata for this in ``pyproject.toml`` or any other
standard location. Other tools resort to extracting dependencies from extension
modules and shared libraries inside Python packages, like elfdeps_ (Fedora).

> Enabling this kind of automated conversion without expensive inspection processes

Author: This could also be something like

```suggestion
Enabling automating this type of conversion by only using explicitly annotated metadata
```
